Fix loop in filesystemn reporting and debug statement in fsstat (#33646)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

- Fix logstash cgroup mappings {pull}33131[33131]
- Remove unused `elasticsearch.node_stats.indices.bulk.avg_time.bytes` mapping {pull}33263[33263]
- Add tags to events based on parsed identifier. {pull}33472[33472]

> - Fix loop in filesystemn reporting and debug statement in fsstat {pull}33646[33646]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Skip over unsupported filesystems in the system.filesystem metricset instead of failing immediately. Fix debug statement in system.fsstat metricset. {pull}33646[33646]
```

I think this will be clearer to users when they read this, I just condensed your PR description.
